Free Drawing 
----------- 

This file contains a brief explanation and user's guide for 
the Free Drawing, a window which lets you draw graphic images 
by hand.  A mouse is required.  To install it into your 
system, evaluate the following expression: 

    (File pathName: 'examples\fredrwng\fredrwng.st') fileIn; close.

To open a free drawing window, evaluate the following 
expression: 

    FreeDrawing new  open

The Free Drawing is initially in draw mode with the cursor 
shown as an arrow.  To draw, move the mouse around while 
pressing the left mouse button.  
                                                                                      
The Free Drawing has three menus. The mode menu allows
you to select the drawing mode. The options menu
allows you to choose different drawing options. The Color
menu allows you to choose a different color for the pen. 
Initialy, the pen's color is the default foreground color.

The modes menu allows the following drawing modes:

    draw
                    Free drawing mode.  This is the Free
                    Drawing's default state.

    line
                    Line drawing mode.  Pressing the left
                    mouse button, lines are drawn from the
                    position of the pen to the point where
                    the pen is when the mouse button is
                    released.  If the mouse button is
                    clicked, only a point is drawn.

    rectangle
                    Rectangle drawing mode.  Rectangles are
                    drawn from the top left corner where the
                    left mouse button is first pressed to
                    the bottom right corner where it is
                    released.

    circle
                    Circle drawing mode.  Circles are drawn
                    with the center where the left mouse
                    button is first pressed and a radius of
                    the distance between this position and
                    where the mouse button is released.

    ellipse
                    Ellipse drawing mode.  Ellipses are drawn
                    with the center where the left mouse
                    button is first pressed.  Where you
                    release the mouse button determines the
                    size and shape of the ellipse.

    curve
                    Curve drawing mode. Curves are drawn by first
                    drawing a line between the two ends of the
                    desired curve. Then as you press down the
                    left mouse button and drag the mouse, the
                    curve is drawn towards the cursor in a rubber-
                    band fashion.
    text
                    Allows you to enter text. You can choose a
                    different font by selecting Fonts from the Options
                    menu. Freedrawing does not have text editing
                    capabilities so you cannot back space to delete a
                    a character or drag the mouse to select.

    erase
                    Erase mode.  With the left mouse button
                    pressed, the pen erases rather than
                    draws. The size of the eraser is 8 pixels.


The options available on the Options menu are as follows: 

    clear 
                    Clears the drawing form.  

    copy 
                    Copy allows you to copy a portion of your 
                    your drawing form to the clipboard.

    paste 
                    Paste allows you to paste a bitmap from the
                    the clipboard to your drawing form.
    
    pen size
                    Changes the size of the pen. Press the left
                    mouse button and drag the mouse to choose
                    the pen's size.
    bit edit 
                    Bit edit gives you a magnified view of a 
                    selected portion of the form.  You are 
                    prompted for the origin of the rectangle 
                    desired.  Then the bit editor window is 
                    presented showing the bit pattern of the 
                    area.  In the upper left pane of the 
                    window, you can see the original section 
                    unmagnified.  Clicking the left mouse 
                    button over a bit changes the its color
                    to the default foreground color.  As you 
                    work, you can see the effect of the 
                    changes in the lower left pane. Only bits
                    that lie in the grid can be edited. 

                    Choosing save in the upper left pane 
                    saves any changes you made using the bit 
                    editor back to the original form.  Exit 
                    allows you to return to the Free Drawing.  
                    If you exit without saving first, your 
                    changes are discarded.  

     change font
                    Changes the font of the text written in
                    the form.  When selected, another menu
                    will prompt for the font.










