Puzzle15 is a game program.  It is an example of the Help
Manager and multinational program development.

To install this game evaluate to following expression:

    (File pathName: 'examples\puzzle15\puzzle15.st') fileIn; close

NOTE:
 - Puzzle15 expects its .hlp and its .rc files to be in a
   subdirectory named 	examples\puzzle15\.
 - The method topPaneClass is reimplemented in Puzzle15 class
   because Puzzle15 changes the Help menu and in MDI mode the 
   help menu for the MDI documents is not built. 

To start the game, evaluate the following:   

    Puzzle15 new open                 

The objective of this game is to arrange the pieces of the puzzle
in ascending order. Only one piece can be moved at a time
and that piece must move to an adjacent empty slot.   
To move a piece to an empty slot, click the left mouse button
over the piece you want to move.

Puzzle15 includes an example of how to use the HelpManager.
As a user, you can press the help key (F1) while the window is
active and you will see the extended help for the application 
displayed.  Or, you can button down on one of the menus and
see the appropriate help panel describing the particular menu.
You can also invoke one of the two dialog windows, New Size and
15 Puzzle Color Dialog, and see the relevant help panels by
pressing the F1 key.  For an example of associating a help panel with
a dialog item, select the 'Face Color' combo box and press the F1 key
and you will see a help panel describing the 'Face Color' dialog item.

The Puzzle15.RTF and Puzzle15.hpj files, which was used to generate
Puzzle15.HLP, is included in this directory for an example.

Program Internationalization
=======================
Puzzle15 is an example of a multinational program. It has the
capabilities of being easily translated to any national language
of your choice without changing the program code.

The program presentation text is externalized in a resource
definition file. The file PUZZLE15.US is included and contains
the text for US English. You may translate all the text definitions
and produce multiple resource files, one for each desired 
language with a unique filename extension. The help text must
also be translated for a true multinational program.

When you run the Puzzle15 program, one of the first thing it
does is load the resource text from file PUZZLE15.RC. It expects
this file in a subdirectory named 
    examples\puzzle15\
Initially (as shipped) this file is a copy of PUZZLE15.US. 
 
To run PUZZLE15 in the language native to the systems
country and language setting,  you must first copy the appropriate 
text resource file to PUZZLE15.RC and then run the program.

Note: 
The Prompter dialog display 'Ok' and 'Cancel' text in bushbutton.
This is considered part of the Smalltalk/V development environment
and because the environment itself has not been translated for 
multinational use, these two strings are displayed in English. 
However, in a true stand alone application, you would most likely,
have your own dialog without the Smalltalk/V in the title.

File PUZZLE15.H is included for those of you who may want to compile
the text definition file. The compiled string resource can then be put into 
a resource DLL or added to your EXE file . See the NLSDBCS.TXT file for
details.    

